./NATUREISBEAUTIFUL
Envs Declared!
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome completed
Population Created
Generation 0
starting tournament
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864150
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864190
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18641d0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864210
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864250
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864290
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18642d0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864310
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864350
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864390
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18643d0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864410
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864450
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864490
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18644d0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864510
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
battlesfinished tournamentGeneration 0 - Population: 0
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
Generation 0 - Population: 2
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
Generation 0 - Population: 4
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
Generation 0 - Population: 6
foi seis
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
novo bebezinho
new_chromossome completed
gametou
pariu
Generation 1
starting tournament
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864a10
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864990
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864b50
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864890
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18649d0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864a90
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864b10
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864bd0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18644b0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864430
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18643b0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864330
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18642b0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x1864230
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromossome started
based of: 0x18641b0
new_chromossome completed
new_chromossome returned
copy_chromoss